I'm just at the party and I have a few minutes to tell you,
that gold has the number E. Èčka are the numbers issued
The European Food Safety Authority and Gold is technically
addition to food. You can use it as a decoration,
in small drinks and so on. You can also get it in this form: in the form of a golden slicer.
And that's at least cheap for the gold. Each sheet is standing
about £ 1 (approx. 35 CZK) because it is very thin:
thinner than one micrometer. He was rolled up and rolled up and down
flattened and embedded in this brochure. So what...
That means you can do a lot of different things with it and one of them is,
with a little luck, you can ... Now I have to be really careful because ...
Do you want to look at it up close? So with some luck
I should be able to ...
I dipped my tongue for about one pound.
And that's something you might not know.
Uf, it disgusts very well.
Does anyone else want to try? I have one more.
And yes, since you have all asked, more or less
it will pass without me.
Translation: Translated by Xeotroid.